Brother Jiang Yu, do you have any reaction?
Go check out
Don't you try it again? Didn't you try it that day?
This set is most suitable
Miss, please take off your dress
I'll wrap it for you.
Are you going to bother me too?
Well, as a dignified daughter
Didn't your family teach you anything?
What is politeness?
Jiang Yu, be careful, I'll tell Aunt Wang Yu
Your Aunt Wang Yu can't handle this either
Settle the bill for that wedding dress
Ok sir
Are you the gentleman from that day?
What's up?
This is a photo of you and Miss Chen that day.
It has been washed out for you, please take a look.
Jiang Yue
You have a photo with this woman?
And she's wearing the same wedding dress as me
So what?
You take me home tonight
Otherwise, I will give this photo to Aunt Wang Yu.
Just a photo
Who paid the bill to?
No one asked why